R&D Engineer II - C#.Net - Cambridge CB1 - Indeed.com 
HomeCompany reviewsSalary guideSign inSign inEmployers / Post JobStart of main content 
WhatWhereFind JobsR&D Engineer II - C#.NetAnsys147 reviews62 Clifton Road, Cambridge CB1Ansys147 reviewsRead what people are saying about working here.JobCompanyLocation62 Clifton Road, Cambridge CB1Full job description 
Requisition #: 13797 
When visionary companies need to know how their world-changing ideas will perform, they close the gap between design and reality with Ansys simulation. For more than 50 years, Ansys software has enabled innovators across industries to push boundaries by using the predictive power of simulation. From sustainable transportation to advanced semiconductors, from satellite systems to life-saving medical devices, the next great leaps in human advancement will be powered by Ansys. 
Take a leap of certainty … with Ansys. 
Software Engineer (C#) 
Ansys creates world-changing software used by leading companies such as NASA, SpaceX, Nvidia, Airbus, Boeing, Philips, Rolls Royce, Seagate and over a thousand universities. Our products help power the advancement of cutting-edge industries such as autonomous vehicles, sustainable transportation, advanced semiconductors, life-saving medical devices, satellite systems and the space industry. 
We offer a position working on Ansys Granta MI, an application suite that plays a critical role in helping businesses manage their materials knowledge and select appropriate materials for their products. Engineers always strive to design better solutions, and in today’s world that means considering sustainability and environmental impacts as well as product performance. Ansys Granta MI allows engineers and designers to make smarter decisions about the materials they use and enables them to create products that are safer, use fewer resources, and can be more effectively recycled. 
Our team is responsible for developing and maintaining the Granta MI application suite, including 
Understanding our customers’ use cases and designing new features to satisfy these in the best way possible 
Working independently and with other team members to implement, test and validate new functionality and troubleshoot issues 
Expanding the capabilities of the core of the software, including developing new APIs and ensuring that the software is performant 
Understanding how our applications are deployed in customer installations and integrated with other enterprise software 
You’ll be a good fit if 
You love learning and using multiple technologies, are proficient with C#, and have a proven track record of working on large .NET applications 
You understand the full development stack, from UIs through to database engines. (Experience of web and API development would be useful, as would a knowledge of SQL and Python, and cloud technologies such as AWS or Azure) 
You have an instinct for ensuring and enhancing product performance and future maintainability 
You are happy to turn your hand to a range of activities, including troubleshooting CI and automated test issues 
You enjoy working with users and product management to properly understand the problem domain and translate these understandings into a great product 
We are a great place to work 
We are excited to be named one of the Best Places to Work thanks to our employee feedback. You will have the freedom to choose how you work, whether that’s at home, in our offices or a mix between the two. We offer a range of benefits including a 24/7 GP Service with Private Medical Care, an Annual Bonus, 25 Days Holiday (increasing to 30 over the first 5 years). 
#li-remote 
At Ansys, we know that changing the world takes vision, skill, and each other. We fuel new ideas, build relationships, and help each other realize our greatest potential in the knowledge that every day is an opportunity to observe, teach, inspire, and be inspired. Together as One Ansys, we are powering innovation that drives human advancement. 
Our Commitments: 
Amaze with innovative products and solutions 
Make our customers incredibly successful 
Act with integrity 
Ensure employees thrive and shareholders prosper 
Our Values: 
Adaptability: Be open, welcome what’s next 
Courage: Be courageous, move forward passionately 
Generosity: Be generous, share, listen, serve 
Authenticity: Be you, make us stronger 
Our Actions: 
We commit to audacious goals 
We work seamlessly as a team 
We demonstrate mastery 
We deliver outstanding results 
OUR ONE ANSYS CULTURE HAS INCLUSION AT ITS CORE 
We believe diverse thinking leads to better outcomes. We are committed to creating and nurturing a workplace that fuels this by welcoming people, no matter their background, identity, or experience, to a workplace where they are valued and where diversity, inclusion, equity, and belonging thrive. 
TAKE A LEAP OF CERTAINTY IN YOUR CAREER AT ANSYS 
At Ansys, you will find yourself among the sharpest minds and most visionary leaders across the globe. Collectively we strive to change the world with innovative technology and transformational solutions. With a prestigious reputation in working with well-known, world-class companies, standards at Ansys are high – met by those willing to rise to the occasion and meet those challenges head on. Our team is passionate about pushing the limits of world-class simulation technology, empowering our customers to turn their design concepts into successful, innovative products faster and at a lower cost. 
At Ansys, it’s about the learning, the discovery, and the collaboration. It’s about the “what’s next” as much as the “mission accomplished.” And it’s about the melding of disciplined intellect with strategic direction and results that have, can, and do impact real people in real ways. All this is forged within a working environment built on respect, autonomy, and ethics. 
CREATING A PLACE WE’RE PROUD TO BE Ansys is an S&P 500 company and a member of the NASDAQ-100. We are proud to have been recognized for the following more recent awards, although our list goes on: America’s Most Loved Workplaces, Gold Stevie Award Winner, America’s Most Responsible Companies, Fast Company World Changing Ideas, Great Place to Work Certified (China, Greece, France, India, Japan, Korea, Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, U.K.). 
For more information, please visit us at www.ansys.com 
Ansys is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. 
Ansys does not accept unsolicited referrals for vacancies, and any unsolicited referral will become the property of Ansys. Upon hire, no fee will be owed to the agency, person, or entity. 
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to applyApply nowsave-iconReport jobR&D Engineer jobs in CambridgeJobs at Ansys in CambridgeR&D Engineer salaries in Cambridge 
Hiring LabCareer AdviceBrowse JobsBrowse CompaniesSalariesIndeed EventsWork at IndeedCountriesAboutHelp CentreESG at Indeed© 2024 IndeedAnti-Slavery statement Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Centre and Ad Choices Terms 
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, analyse traffic and improve our services. We also use essential cookies to inform employers of clicks to their jobs. You acknowledge that your use of Indeed is subject to our Cookie Policy, which we encourage you to review.Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies