Test Engineer - Level 4 - Norwich - Indeed.com 
HomeCompany reviewsSalary guideSign inSign inEmployers / Post JobStart of main content 
WhatWhereFind JobsTest Engineer - Level 4Aviva Grads Campaign747 reviewsNorwich£23,900 a year - 
ApprenticeshipAviva Grads Campaign747 reviewsRead what people are saying about working here.Job detailsHere’s how the job details align with your profile.Pay£23,900 a yearJob typeApprenticeship&nbsp;LocationNorwich&nbsp;BenefitsPulled from the full job descriptionCompany pensionEmployee discountPaid trainingPaid volunteer time&nbsp;Full job description 
In Summary 
Intrigued by technology and what it can do? And want to develop software that creates compelling customer experiences? If so, our Software Engineering Apprenticeship could be perfect for you! 
Job Description 
Software Development Apprentice Pathway - Level 4, Level 5, Level 6, Graduate Apprentice (Scotland) - Technology 
Location: Bristol/Norwich/Perth/York 
To say we're a data and tech-driven business is a bit of an understatement. Every area of Aviva relies on data and technology (hardware and software) and the people behind it - to create innovative solutions, anticipate problems and to keep everything running like clockwork. It's no small wonder, then, that talented apprentices are so highly prized around here. 
Roles in this pathway will see you either be part of a team developing and releasing software to create compelling customer experiences, automating our software and processes, or working with our data. If you are fascinated by technology and what it can do (no matter what subject you've studied) this could be the pathway for you. 
As the UK's largest insurer, a FTSE 100 company and an international leader in our industry, our Technology teams are crucial to our success. We truly believe our Technology community is among the most experienced and supportive anywhere. Without their skills and ideas, Aviva wouldn't be the company it is today. 
You'll be able to earn a salary while working towards an apprenticeship and other qualifications and learning from some of the most inspirational people in tech. And our Apprentice roles are permanent jobs from day one. 
What does it involve? 
As the name suggests, this pathway is all about developing and releasing software that will keep us at the forefront of our industry. Data acts as the lifeblood that drives our business forwards - we rely on it to solve problems, inform decisions and create innovative solutions. So if you think logically, enjoy problem solving, are curious about how things work and have some knowledge of coding, this could be the pathway for you. 
Each of our roles in this pathway are aligned to either a Level 4, Level 5 or Level 6 Apprenticeship in England or a Graduate Apprenticeship in Scotland - see below for specific detail. Whichever route you take, you'll spend 80% of your time gaining real hands-on experience in the role and 20% dedicated to your Apprenticeship studies. As long as you're curious and passionate about change and technology, we can teach you the rest - you'll have a structured training programme and a support network to help you develop. 
Roles in this pathway include: 
Automation Engineer (Norwich) - our Automation Engineers work closely with other teams to discover and eliminate problems by gathering requirements and implementing process automation including low code/no code solutions. In this role, you'll deliver automated solutions to help Aviva improve processes, save costs, and achieve better outcomes for both our 18 million customers and thousands of colleagues. Like our Apprentice Software Engineer, you'll be working collaboratively in small teams to build high quality solutions that meet our colleagues and customers' needs. And rest assured, whatever you're working on, you'll have the full support of our expert technology community behind you! 
This Level 6 Apprenticeship will see you gain a BSc (Honours) in Digital and Technology Solutions upon successful completion of your studies (c48 months). 
DevOps Engineer (Norwich) - our DevOps Engineers are responsible for developing and facilitating the improvement and optimisation of our software engineering practices and processes to speed up and automate the development, testing and release of our code to production. They don't settle for 'this is how we have always done it'; instead they are constantly looking for opportunities to improve and optimise how we use technology in our business and are focussed on providing industry leading cloud capability. 
The Level 4 DevOps Engineer Apprenticeship is equivalent to the first year of an undergraduate degree or Higher National Certificate (HNC). We will be running this as an accelerated apprenticeship where you'll be immersed in approx. 16 weeks 'bootcamp' style front loaded learning programme. This will enable you to add value to your team once you join them and throughout the remainder of your apprenticeship (c18 months). 
Software Engineer (Perth) - our Software Engineers develop software for a wide range of applications and projects here at Aviva. As a Software Engineer, you could be maintaining and enhancing our existing applications, or be creating new products and platforms such as our award-winning My Aviva" portal. Whatever you're working on, you'll work collaboratively in small teams to build high quality solutions that meet our colleagues and customers' needs. It's interesting and challenging - and rest assured, whatever you're working on, you'll have the full support of our expert technology community behind you! 
If you are based in Perth, you'll study directly for your Level 6 Scottish equivalent apprenticeship - the Graduate Apprenticeship - where you'll gain a BSc (Honours) degree in IT: Software Development upon successful completion of your apprenticeship (c.48 months). 
Test Engineer (Bristol, Norwich or York) - our Software Testers ensure that our software is fit for purpose, resilient and secure. You will work to identify any issues, gaps, glitches or missing elements so that our customers and colleagues have a seamless and trouble-free experience when using our products and applications. During your apprenticeship you will learn the fundamentals of test management best practices, how to use test automation tools and gain in depth knowledge of Behaviour Driven Development practices. 
The Level 4 Software Tester Apprenticeship is equivalent to the first year of an undergraduate degree or Higher National Certificate (HNC). We will be running this as an accelerated apprenticeship where you'll be immersed in approx. 16 weeks 'bootcamp' style front loaded learning programme. This will enable you to add value to your team once you join them and throughout the remainder of your apprenticeship (c18 months). 
Your application will be for the pathway however we understand you may have a role preference(s) and you will be able to select these as part of your application process. That said, if you're not sure which role you'd be best suited to at this stage - that's ok too! Either way, we'll assess where your strengths lie and consider you for all roles - taking your preference into consideration. 
Whatever role you go into, you'll be working alongside a community of highly skilled and experienced technology professionals who will be on hand to support and encourage you every step of the way. 
What's in it for you? 
A permanent job from day one 
Starting salary of £23,900 including paid Apprenticeship study time 
Gaining an Apprenticeship with all your training paid for 
Support towards relevant professional qualifications and lots of other development opportunities 
A great support network to help you grow into your role 
25 days holiday, plus bank holidays 
Opportunities to get involved and give back to our local communities with paid volunteering time 
Contributory pension scheme 
Discounts on all Aviva products 
A discretionary annual performance-related bonus 
Share Save scheme 
Flexible working and wellbeing support 
What do we look for? 
New insights, perspectives and diversity of thought are all invaluable to us. Which is why you don't need to have studied IT to join us in Technology. We have Apprentices who have studied everything from Music to Maths to History, and they're all equally brilliant. For these roles you'll need to: 
Have at least five GCSEs or Scottish National 5s at A*-C or 9-4 grade (or equivalent), including English and Maths 
Have, or be on track to achieve, at least three A Levels (grades B, C, C or above) or four Scottish Highers (grades B,B,B,C or above) - or a Level 3 equivalent qualification 
Have an understanding or experience of coding, whether that's through your studies or as an outside passion for self-learning 
You'll also be a confident communicator with strong analytical and problem-solving skills, a love of learning and a commitment to continually developing yourself. You're someone who can be a force for change and who'll be able to show us how you've helped to change things for the better in your studies, your work experience, or your outside interests. And it goes without saying that we'll be looking to see that you have a genuine curiosity in technology. 
Where will you be based? 
Apprentice roles within our Software Development pathway are based in our Bristol, Norwich, Perth and York offices (not all roles are available in every location - see above for specifics). 
It is likely that you'll balance time in the office with working from home. We call this Smart Working. Three days in the office and two days from home per week is a very typical example but can vary between teams. When you join us, your leader will take time to discuss this with you, and agree what works best for you, your team and the business. 
As we adopt this Smart Working approach, it's important to note that you will need to live within a commutable distance of the relevant location you are offered a role in. That way you'll get to spend time with your team in person, as well as virtually, and get access to the right support networks internally to help you to succeed. 
About Us 
We're a leading international insurance, savings, retirement, and investment business. We are here to help our customers plan for the future and, when the worst happens, make things right. 
You might be thinking that we're just another boring, corporate firm. But we don't all wear suits and shiny shoes here. We're proud to be different and just like our customers, our people are a mix of cultures, genders, and ages. 
What's the application process? 
Start by pressing 'apply' to be taken through to our online application. 
There, you'll be asked to complete a short questionnaire about your motivations and submit it along with your CV. 
If you match our criteria (or get pretty close), we'll ask you to complete our online Numerical Reasoning and Situational Strengths tests. 
Pass those and next will be a video interview. 
The final stage is a virtual assessment day, with tasks that enable you to show us what you're good at and what you enjoy. 
Impress us there and we'll offer you a role to start in September 2024. 
Additional Information 
We are inclusive - we want applications from people with diverse backgrounds and experiences. 
Excited but not sure you tick every box? Research tells us that women, particularly, feel this way. So, regardless of gender, why not apply? And if you're in a job share just apply as a pair. 
We flex locations, hours and working patterns to suit our customers, business, and you.Most of our people are smart working - spending around 60% of their time in our offices and 40% at home. 
Scheme Type: Apprenticeship 
Date Added: 05 January 2024 
&nbsp;You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to applyApply nowsave-icon&nbsp;Report job&nbsp;Test Engineer Entry Level jobs in NorwichJobs at Aviva Grads Campaign in NorwichTest Engineer Entry Level salaries in Norwich 
Hiring LabCareer AdviceBrowse JobsBrowse CompaniesSalariesIndeed EventsWork at IndeedCountriesAboutHelp CentreESG at Indeed© 2024 IndeedAnti-Slavery statement Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Centre and Ad Choices Terms 
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, analyse traffic and improve our services. We also use essential cookies to inform employers of clicks to their jobs. You acknowledge that your use of Indeed is subject to our Cookie Policy, which we encourage you to review.Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies